OBSDOCS-547: Remove explicit mention of local persistent storage volu… (#74645)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-persistent-storage-prerequisites.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/monitoring/configuring-the-monitoring-stack.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="persistent-storage-prerequisites_{context}"]
== Persistent storage prerequisites

ifdef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
* Use the block type of storage.
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

> * Dedicate sufficient persistent storage to ensure that the disk does not become full.

Reviewer: Is there a guide or link to information on how to perform this action? Or how to verify that you have sufficient storage space?

Also - not sure why these prerequisites are a full module, rather than part of the configuring persistent storage module. Can you help me understand?

Author: For the first point, we have a link in additional resources that explains storage requirements. 
For the second point, I do not actually remember why I thought that was a good idea :smiley:  The only thing I can think of is that I did not like the idea of having two anchor IDs in one module, but that is not prohibited AFAIK, so I can put it back in the configuring persistent storage module.

* Use `Filesystem` as the storage type value for the `volumeMode` parameter when you configure the persistent volume.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> * Do not use a raw block volume, which is described with `volumeMode: Block` in the `PersistentVolumeClaim` object. Prometheus cannot use raw block volumes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Do not use a raw block volume, which is described with `volumeMode: Block` in the `PersistentVolume` resource. Prometheus cannot use raw block volumes.
```
(as for the monitoring components, users don't create `PersistentVolumeClaim` directly)
